README.md, before:

# Rentman - Selectable Tree Component

This project demonstrates a hierarchical tree selection system where:


## TL;DR

To start the application, including the Angular application and a supporting JSON server, run:
```
npm install
npm run start
```

## Selection System Overview

- **Items** have their selection state stored directly in the `selectedMap` of the store
- **Folders** have their selection state computed based on their children:
  - `SELECTED`: All child items are selected
  - `UNSELECTED`: No child items are selected  
  - `INTERMEDIATE`: Some child items are selected

## Key Features

### Store (`SelectableTreeStore`)
- `treeStructureWithSelection`: Computed property that provides selection state for all nodes
- `toggleItemSelection(node)`: Toggle selection of a specific item
- `toggleCollapsed(node)`: Toggle collapse state of a folder node
- `unselectAllItems()`: Removes all selected items

### Components
- `SelectionTreeComponent`: Recursive tree component that displays nodes with selection icons
- `SelectionTreePanelComponent`: Container component that manages the store and provides selection controls

### Directives
- `IndeterminateDirective`: Set the indetermined state of a checkbox

## Usage

The selection system automatically:
1. Loads tree data from the `DataService`
2. Computes folder selection states based on child items
3. Provides visual indicators for selection states
4. Handles recursive folder selection (selecting a folder selects all its child items)


## A brief note on the project

This project was built with the standard Angular CLI, so many of the initial files were scaffolded automatically. I've organized the project to include a "server" folder in the root directory, which contains the `response.json` file. All other project-specific code I create is located within the folders under `src/app`.

As part of this assessment, I took the opportunity to explore and implement some newer Angular features, including Signals and the NgRx SignalStore, both of which were new to me. This was a fun learning experience and I enjoyed the development process, which took me about a full day of work to complete.

I hope you enjoy reviewing this project as much as I enjoyed working on it. :)

Commit message:

Update README.md to include node version

README.md, after:

# Rentman - Selectable Tree Component

This project demonstrates a hierarchical tree selection system where:


## TL;DR

To start the application, including the Angular application and a supporting JSON server, run:
```
npm install
npm run start
```

Tested with node version `22.14.0`.

## Selection System Overview

- **Items** have their selection state stored directly in the `selectedMap` of the store
- **Folders** have their selection state computed based on their children:
  - `SELECTED`: All child items are selected
  - `UNSELECTED`: No child items are selected  
  - `INTERMEDIATE`: Some child items are selected

## Key Features

### Store (`SelectableTreeStore`)
- `treeStructureWithSelection`: Computed property that provides selection state for all nodes
- `toggleItemSelection(node)`: Toggle selection of a specific item
- `toggleCollapsed(node)`: Toggle collapse state of a folder node
- `unselectAllItems()`: Removes all selected items

### Components
- `SelectionTreeComponent`: Recursive tree component that displays nodes with selection icons
- `SelectionTreePanelComponent`: Container component that manages the store and provides selection controls

### Directives
- `IndeterminateDirective`: Set the indetermined state of a checkbox

## Usage

The selection system automatically:
1. Loads tree data from the `DataService`
2. Computes folder selection states based on child items
3. Provides visual indicators for selection states
4. Handles recursive folder selection (selecting a folder selects all its child items)


## A brief note on the project

This project was built with the standard Angular CLI (that's why there are few low severity npm vulnerabilities...), so many of the initial files were scaffolded automatically. I've organized the project to include a "server" folder in the root directory, which contains the `response.json` file. All other project-specific code I create is located within the folders under `src/app`.

As part of this assessment, I took the opportunity to explore and implement some newer Angular features, including Signals and the NgRx SignalStore, both of which were new to me. This was a fun learning experience and I enjoyed the development process, which took me about a full day of work to complete.

I hope you enjoy reviewing this project as much as I enjoyed working on it. :)
